README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/minecoin.png" alt="Minecoin" width="90" />
</p>

<div align="center">

![stability-wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-work_in_progress-lightgrey.svg)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

</div>

# Crypto Tracker App

A Crypto Tracker App inspired by SpiralDev's [**CryptoTracker**](https://github.com/SpiralDevelopment/CryptoTracker), built using React Native, utilizing [CoinGecko API](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3) [~~CoinMarketCap API~~](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/documentation/v1/#tag/exchange) to track the price of cryptocurrencies.


## User Stories

- [ ] The user can request the list of cryptocurrencies from the CoinGecko API and see the results collated together.
- [ ] Progressively load more list items by scrolling down the list.
- [ ] The user can sort the cryptocurrencies based on their `Market Cap` and `Volume`.

## App Details

### Screenshots

| Prices by Market Cap  | Detail Screen | Sorted By |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| ![Prices Screen](./assets/screenshot/prices.png) | ![Detail Screen](./assets/screenshot/detail.png) | ![Sorted By](./assets/screenshot/sorted.png) |

### User Registration

| Splash Screen  | Sign In Screen | Sign Up Screen |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| ![Splash Screen](./assets/screenshot/splash.png) | ![Sign In Screen](./assets/screenshot/login.png) | ![Sign Up](./assets/screenshot/signup.png) |



### Loading Environment Variables

In the root directory/top-level of your app, create a `.env` file.

```
COINGECKO_URL=https://api.coingecko.com
```

## Useful links and resources
- [Why I’ve built a Coinmarketcap proxy](https://medium.com/@theBliz/why-ive-built-a-coinmarketcap-proxy-e06c898b5765)
- [Infinite scroll/Paginating FlatList with just hooks and function components](https://medium.com/@srbkrishnan/infinite-scroll-pagination-in-flatlist-with-hooks-and-function-components-c9c08bba23a8)
- [React Native Scroll Item animation effect - FlatList and Animated API](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8x-dyIsrJ8)
- [How to Properly Use Environment Variables in an Expo React Native App](https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-properly-use-environment-variables-in-an-expo-react-native-app-7ab852590b30#:~:text=An%20environment%20variable%20is%20a,to%20be%20imported%20at%20all.)
- [The top 8 React Native chart libraries for 2021](https://blog.logrocket.com/the-top-8-react-native-chart-libraries-for-2021/)

Commit message:

:pencil: Add dark light mode

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/minecoin.png" alt="Minecoin" width="90" />
</p>

<div align="center">

![stability-wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-work_in_progress-lightgrey.svg)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

</div>

# Crypto Tracker App

A Crypto Tracker App inspired by SpiralDev's [**CryptoTracker**](https://github.com/SpiralDevelopment/CryptoTracker), built using React Native, utilizing [CoinGecko API](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3) [~~CoinMarketCap API~~](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/documentation/v1/#tag/exchange) to track the price of cryptocurrencies.


## User Stories

- [ ] The user can request the list of cryptocurrencies from the CoinGecko API and see the results collated together.
- [ ] Progressively load more list items by scrolling down the list.
- [ ] The user can sort the cryptocurrencies based on their `Market Cap` and `Volume`.
- [ ] The application supports theming and can easily be switched between themes.

## App Details

### Screenshots

| Prices by Market Cap  | Detail Screen | Sorted By |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| ![Prices Screen](./assets/screenshot/prices.png) | ![Detail Screen](./assets/screenshot/detail.png) | ![Sorted By](./assets/screenshot/sorted.png) |

### User Registration

| Splash Screen  | Sign In Screen | Dark Theme Sign Up |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| ![Splash Screen](./assets/screenshot/splash.png) | ![Sign In Screen](./assets/screenshot/login.png)  |  ![Sign Up](./assets/screenshot/d_signup.png) |


### Loading Environment Variables

In the root directory/top-level of your app, create a `.env` file.

```
COINGECKO_URL=https://api.coingecko.com
```

## Useful links and resources
- [Why I’ve built a Coinmarketcap proxy](https://medium.com/@theBliz/why-ive-built-a-coinmarketcap-proxy-e06c898b5765)
- [Infinite scroll/Paginating FlatList with just hooks and function components](https://medium.com/@srbkrishnan/infinite-scroll-pagination-in-flatlist-with-hooks-and-function-components-c9c08bba23a8)
- [React Native Scroll Item animation effect - FlatList and Animated API](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8x-dyIsrJ8)
- [How to Properly Use Environment Variables in an Expo React Native App](https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-properly-use-environment-variables-in-an-expo-react-native-app-7ab852590b30#:~:text=An%20environment%20variable%20is%20a,to%20be%20imported%20at%20all.)
- [The top 8 React Native chart libraries for 2021](https://blog.logrocket.com/the-top-8-react-native-chart-libraries-for-2021/)
